Prepare release 3.0.0 (#759)
open-formulieren/open-forms-sdk: CHANGELOG.rst

SDK Changelog
=============

2.5.0 (2024-12-20)
==================

Feature release

There are additional changes compared to the alpha versions. Continue reading for the full
changelog, which includes the alpha versions release notes.

.. warning:: SDK 2.5.0 requires the backend API version 3.0.0 or newer.

New features
------------

> * [#4321] Added the ability to make a form unavailable when submission limit has been reached.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#4321] Forms can now have a submission limit. The SDK displays appropriate messages when this limit
  is reached.
```

> * [#2173] Added the ability to select custom background maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#2173] The map component now supports using a different background/tile layer.
```
